EVDisk is a simple utility for creating and mounting a LUKS file
system.  The file system is stored in an ordinary
file named 'encrypted' that will be mounted using a loopback device.
Meanwhile the LUKS key, which is automatically generated, is
stored in a file named key.gpg which (naturally) is encrypted using
GPG. The file system will be mounted on a directory named 'root'.
The two ordinary files and the root directory are all members of
the same directory.  Normally other files will not be put in this
directory.  EVDisk can be run from the command line or started
by a desktop action.  After starting, a GUI will prompt for
GPG passphrases and one's login password (sudo is needed) as
required.  A window will appear that will allow one to unmount
the file system by 'closing' it.

The intended use case is for backups.  One can use EVDisk to set up a
flash drive, and then use EVDisk to mount the encrypted file system,
closing it after the backups are complete. If the backup disk is lost
or stolen, trying to decrypt it would require either breaking GPG
encryption or guessing a 32-character randomly generated LUKS key, and
the key ring needed to decrypt the LUKS key is should not be on the
backup disk.

When EVDisk creates a key, it can allow multiple GPG keys to decrypt
the key.  This is useful in a corporate setting where a company might
need to recover data from a backup disk if the person using the disk
is not available.

                 ----------- COMPILATION ------------

Before compilation, a recent version of the Java JDK should be
installed and the programs inkscape and fakeroot should be installed
(inkscape is used to create PNG files containing icons of various
sizes starting from an SVG file).  The standard Debian package manager
should be installed as well.

To compile and build a Debian package, just type the command

   make

This command will use the following programs: javac, jar, cp, sed,
install, rm, inkscape, gzip, chmod, mkdir, dpkg-deb, and fakeroot.
The program inkscape is run as a command-line program to create
a series of PNG files containing icons of various sizes. EVDisk can
then be installed by running the command

     sudo dpkg -i evdisk_VERSION_all.deb

where VERSION is the current version number for the evdisk package.

Every time a new version is created, the file Makefile should be
updated to set the new VERSION variable and a new entry should be
added to changelog, with a new date.

To compile the program and create its JAR file, skipping other
steps, type the command

   make evdisk.jar

The program can be tested using the shell script evdisk (The file evdisk.sh
contains the version that will be actually installed).

To install the program directly, type the command

   sudo make install

(The program inkscape must be installed first).  Then run the
command

    gtk-update-icon-cache --force /usr/share/icons/hicolor

so that the EVDisk icons will be recognized.

                   --------- FILES -----------

The Git repository for EVDisk contains several files:

  * changelog contains a log describing changes from one version
    to the next.  When changed, a new version number and date
    should be added for each entry - none of that is done automatically.

  * deb/changelog.Debian really just points to changelog and is there
    because Debian installations expect it. The version number and date
    are automatically generated from data in the makefile.

  * deb/control is the Debian control file.

  * copyright is the standard copyright notice and contains licensing
    information (GPLv3, or later)

  * evdisk is a shell script that will start EVDisk from the command
    line for testing.

  * evdisk.1 is the man page for the evdisk command

  * evdisk.conf.5 is the man page for the EVDisk configuration file
    evdisk.conf (this file is optional and it is up to the user to
    create it if desired).

  * evdisk.desktop is the FreeDesktop desktop file supported by Gnome
    and some other desktop environments.

  * EVDisk.java contains the source code.

  * EVDisk.properties is used for internationalization and localization.
    It represents a resource bundle. Additional ones are needed for
    localization for languages other than English.

  * evdisk.sh contains the shell script that will be installed in /usr/bin.

  * evdisk.svg contains the EVDisk icon

  * Makefile contains the file used by the 'make' command to build a package.
    For each new version, Makefile should be modified to set the new
    version string.

  * deb/postinst is a script needed by Debian packages during package
    installation (it causes the icon cache to be updated).

  * deb/postrm is a script needed by Debian packages during package
    removal (it causes the icon cache to be updated).

The source-code is in the top-level directory because it is essentially
just a script, a single Java source-code file, and one or more property
files for localization.


                   --------------- TO DO ------------

The main things missing are resource-bundle property files for
localization.  While there is a default for English, ones for
other languages are missing.  The default property file EVDisk.properties
contains comments describing each property and how it is used in
addition to the English text for that property.
